Bora (00:01.268)
Okay, an Irish guy and a Turkish guy walk into a bar.

Paddy Cleary (00:09.542)
Is this your plan all along? That was the opening line.

Bora (00:11.374)
 planned it. So folks, welcome to episode number one of Paddy and Bora Jam, which we lovingly called PBJ.

Paddy Cleary (00:24.71)
Do you wanna give background on on on this other alternative name that our agents come up with?

Bora (00:30.656)
Yeah, you give the background

Paddy Cleary (00:34.626)
what's a good way to do it. On the way home last night I was I was at dinner in the city in New York. Bora sent me a markdown file to prep notes of the little topics we're gonna talk through today. I was in a back of an Uber, so just on my iPhone. Can't read markdown file, go into cloud, convert it to HTML so I can just quickly skim through it, which also

insane that that's where we're at that we can just create these marked in files in the back of an Uber. or HTML sorry, HTML files. And the titles, Pints, Bots, and Judgment. Which I thought I thought you were you wanted us to have some Pints of Guinness and copy the Collison Brothers. or actually

Bora (01:11.182)
Pains, bouts and judgments.

Yeah, well you'll have to come so we can have pints of Guinness again because I'm only having Guinness when you visit.

Paddy Cleary (01:25.156)
I always down. you also have to come to New York more, but

Bora (01:31.52)
I will soon, maybe next month.

Paddy Cleary (01:35.234)
Actually th there there there's this like a AI summit one of my friends is putting on. He I was with him last night, Nick Sharma. He actually that just reminds me before I forget, was asking if you would speak at it.

Bora (01:47.304)
he actually sent me LinkedIn request just like this morning. That's the thing. Okay, yeah, I'll speak at it. I listened to his podcast. I love that guy.

Paddy Cleary (01:50.832)
That was that was last night when I was with him. Well I was saying we could get we should get like a workshop or something or you to build some agents on stage or something like that.

Bora (01:58.841)
Sure, that sounds awesome.

So why are we doing this? So Paddy and I talk about

just AI and agents and tech all the time. And I really enjoy those conversations. And I figure if you record them, maybe other people will enjoy them too. So that's why we're recording it now. And we came up with actually a funny thing. Let's just tell everyone. Yesterday, when we were kind of preparing what to talk about, I created a GitHub repo called PBJ. I invited Paddy.

And had AI agents do some research on the latest AI news and some of the stuff that's top of mind for me And also for Paddy. So that's how we came up with the list of things to talk about But maybe we should just introduce ourselves a little bit Paddy just in case people wonder like who are these guys anyway So I'm Bora Celik I'm the founder and CEO of a company called Gentic That builds

agentic infrastructure for e-commerce brands. What is agentic infrastructure? Mostly MCP servers and the data behind them. So that's what I do. Paddy?

Paddy Cleary (03:14.954)
yeah, Paddy Cleary, co-founder of Paul Street, we're a partner marketing agency. Background in startups, fintech, and studied engineering in college, so have been AI pilled for the last couple of years, which has led to our conversations, weekly kind of chats about how agents are changing each kind of changing how companies work today.

And yeah, similarly, I've thought this would be a good concept for a while to to just record these conversations. So well I'll just probably try to stay on track a bit more today. but but yeah, let's let's see where it goes. Does that does that t shirt say run MCP?

Bora (03:58.957)
All right, so Paddy, let's go through the topics. Run MCP.

Paddy Cleary (04:07.696)
Where did you get that? What d what is it?

Bora (04:27.382)
So Postman is this platform that allows you to call APIs. So they're also building all the stuff with MCP servers, and because MCP servers for agents to use. So he built a Shopify shop that you can purchase things via an MCP server. So I bought this from Claude. I went into Claude.

I connected to his MCP server for his Shopify shop. And then I placed an order. Basically Claude asked me, what's your address? What's your name? What's your size? And I said, all right, large. And then it shipped and I got it. So this is agent e-commerce.

Paddy Cleary (04:58.651)
Yeah.

Paddy Cleary (05:11.152)
There's a good bit for us to talk about through that. which is funny, that's kinda that's actually where we started chatting. So I reached out to you 'cause I saw you were one of the only people writing about C P servers. What back when was that? When was when was MCP kind of defined by Enthropic? It was like November, September, October, November twenty four, was it? Well no year before. It was the end of the year before. And then

Bora (05:15.467)
You know?

Bora (05:34.264)
Sometime last year in mid... yeah, probably. everything is like melting now.

Paddy Cleary (05:40.784)
And then it was a start of last year, I think I saw you posting about MC building agents with MCP servers for D D C brands. And you're the only person I could find. And then I and then and then you wrote back to me and jumped on a call and you were sitting on the beach. And then we spoke for like an hour on how MCP the the concept of MCP was changing everything, and you told me that you had to email all your investors saying you can't.

Bora (05:49.302)
Yeah. Yeah.

Bora (05:56.527)
Yeah, I was.

Paddy Cleary (06:07.3)
You have to pivot 'cause C P was just defined and it changes everything. So so fitting fitting t shirt. To wear.

Bora (06:09.358)
Yeah, no, the line that I sent to my investors, exactly. It said, no, I know exactly, October 1st, 2024, I was sending the September update. The first line, SaaS is that happy October. That's basically when I decided that prior to it, all the technology that we built, I mean, this is obviously through...

Paddy Cleary (06:19.876)
Yeah. Yeah, that sounds right.

Paddy Cleary (06:37.222)
Did any recipients or investors respond negatively or like get angry at you for that?

Bora (06:40.622)
There like literally one of my investors just replied, well, not, just sent me an email two days ago because I've been saying this for over two years.

Paddy Cleary (06:50.116)
Yeah. That was it.

Bora (06:51.222)
And they're like, no, Bora, you're exaggerating. You're like, you're too ahead of the curve. The world doesn't work like that. I'm like, well, I don't know, we'll see. But now, like in the email, look, look, actually, let me just go, actually, no, no, no. I'll find the email, the exact email that he sent me, and then I'll read it to you. So, one of my investors, he said that,

Paddy Cleary (07:01.296)
But we'll see.

Bora (07:21.022)
because like, okay, yes. It seems like you're an early adopter for many things. You were the first founder in the portfolio who seemed very bearish about anything software. Now I see there's a cohort of founders who are converging to your view.

Paddy Cleary (07:35.75)
Are you able to share what what port what fund or portfolio or probably not? Yeah yeah yeah yeah.

Bora (07:40.176)
no, I don't know. He doesn't. And then he wrote like internal memo and asking for my view. And in his memo is basically like, what can you defend? What is defensible right now? Right. And it's just like all the typical things, know, just not code.

You know? But anyway, so that's basically, I've been on that tip for a while. And even, I think, on my YouTube channel, Agentic Brand, one of the earlier ones, is I have a demo of...

buying something like doing research in Cloud in a Shopify stores catalog, and then buying it using the Stripe MCP because Stripe MCP was one of the first MCPs that was out there. And then now that they have like the, you know, and it was functional, you know, it was working. But so let's take a look at our notes here and get into it. You sent me,

Paddy Cleary (08:22.734)
Yeah. Yeah.

Irish guys, they they're on it.

Bora (08:41.423)
Where is that? Let me just click on it again. I kind of lost it. Yeah, yep. here it is. So topics, topic number one, agent harnesses.

Paddy Cleary (08:46.288)
The pint spots and judgment. HTML.

Paddy Cleary (08:57.402)
Yep.

Bora (08:58.605)
So agent harnesses, let's talk about that. I'll get that started. So prior to agents, we have ChatGPT, we have Claude, people are asking questions, people are getting replies. And then agents come in, agents run in NA10 or other places. And now OpenClaude comes out.

OpenCol i is an agent harness and there's Hermes and all these, these are all agent harnesses, right? what's that?

Paddy Cleary (09:25.71)
Mm-hmm. I have some good stories to tell from dinner last night that are relevant for this. I have good anecdotes from from dinner last night with two founders that that is relevant for this. Well, go ahead. No, what one of them, one of them super has his Hermes agent set up, he's running like five, six businesses, has all his different Hermes agents connected on his Mac minis that he's running. And then the other founder, also successful kind of consumer founder, has

Bora (09:36.665)
Tell me the anecdotes.

Paddy Cleary (09:53.934)
Yeah, has a big brand. but anyway, he he's trying to learn more about AI. He's like, Yeah, I just ripped Chat GPT on my laptop. It's like, All right, well what like what do you actually use it for? And then he's asking us, so we were kinda trying to explain the different concepts to him and I think this is actually really valuable

topic for people to understand what a harness is, that is like, and what's the difference because he's like, yeah, what what model should I use? And it's like, well, you can kind of choose between, and I think this is somewhere in your notes, is the different models are more of a commodity and really understanding the type of work you're doing and the type of harness that will make the most sense for you and also whichever one you can adopt and understand the best. So yeah, for someone starting out setting up their OpenClaw Hermes and a Mac Mini might not be the

But Claude has done a great job of creating great harnesses and even that's what cowork is. Cowork is just the harness of Claude code and gets you kind of same access that's more user-friendly. They have built these different features like dispatch to enable gonna remote working on your phone instead of telegram. But I cut you off.

Bora (11:06.297)
Yeah, no, it is. So.

Cloud code is a harness, cloud cowork is a harness, and then OpenAIS codecs. So these are harnesses that run on your computer, right? And then same thing with OpenClaw and Hermes and several variations of those that kind of run on the computer. the difference between a harness and just like a regular AI assistant, so there's an AI assistant, there's an AI agent, and then there's an AI agent that runs in a harness. So AI assistants are these AIs that answer our questions, right?

So chat GPT is an AI assistant, Claude's an AI assistant. AI agent does things. It doesn't wait for you to kind of question answer. So we set up these agents on innate and an agent is like there's a model, which is the LLM, either an open AI model or an anthropic model or Gemini model or whatever. Then there's memory. And then there are tools. It could be MCP tools or other kinds of tools.

And then the agent makes use of these things. So when we set up like an N8 and agent flow, like it goes in one direction, the LLM uses the memory and the MCP tools and the agent kind of coordinates that. And then it kind of runs by itself either on a schedule or through triggers and does things, right? So database reads database, writes some documents or things like that.

So it can do this by itself without us chatting with it. But the way that it's done in N8n, it's kind of like a directional. It goes in one way. So the beautiful thing about the harness that Claude code really, I think, popularized is that it keeps going until the job is done in a loop. So this loop is the thing. And then.

Paddy Cleary (12:53.22)
And a surveillance.

Bora (12:59.139)
you know, because normally, like if you go to an AT &T, if there's an error, it stops. And then it's like, okay, like what happened? So, but here in a harness environment, it just like keeps trying until the job is done.

Right. So that's why kind of this became popular. know, my company, like I first built an agent harness for my personal project, which was like, know, Mio for like personal AI assistant. So that has an agent harness. And then recently I built a Gentic computer, which is also an agent harness, which can talk to it from like either Slack or Telegram. And it does things that you give it a job, but sometimes it does like 19 things.

It does one thing, it gets some results and it's like, well, this is not what I'm looking for. And then it does more. I'll give you an example. Like, do some Reddit search on...

go look at Reddit forums to see what people are saying about certain things. It does some searches and it doesn't find what it's looking for and it keeps going. And then sometimes it goes to Google, if you give it to tools, if it looks at Google Trends, it kind of creates this report after a while. So this is like a harness that's on the cloud. It's not on the computer anywhere, it's not on my laptop, it's on the cloud server and it's installed there. And there's an LLM.

which is, know, Claude or OpenAI or Gemini. It has memory. It has access to a file system. File system is another interesting thing about Harness. It just saves stuff so they can go back. So this is why the Markdown became so popular.

Paddy Cleary (14:38.586)
That's also what I think has made OpenClaw or Hermes now as well so popular is like in even the guy is mentioning at dinner last night was talking about the main benefits or reasons that he just uses Hermes agent versus a claude, is like, the memory's so much better. well really that's just the harness creating these different file systems and constantly backing up your memory on your Mac mini that's always live. Which is a true benefit.

you're really just interacting to these agents through your phone. what do you think then of all these different startup th th these these different startups they're busitioning themselves as like vertical specific agents. I don't know, like media buying agents or I don't want to call out any specific startup, but

W w what do you think are are valuable in these startups and things to be wary of?

Bora (15:36.217)
No, not valuable. So basically, I'll tell you in 2024,

I gave up on SaaS, right? Because I'm like, can't, SaaS can't be a business. know, it's just, people are gonna, at the time agents weren't even a thing, but people were vibe coding stuff, know, it's the replica and all of that. And I'm like, wow, like you can just vibe code all this stuff. And this was before agents, before proper agentic engineering and everything was like kind of rink-a-dink. But still you could see where it's going, right? So like, I'm like never bet against progress. So, and then agents came, but now people are building their own agents. Agent building is so easy now.

Right? Some of my customers, can teach them how to build their own agents. I'm like, everybody wants to build their own agents. And the reason for that is one, all of this stuff can be in-house now. People are canceling their SaaS subscriptions. Yeah, because it's your core competency, how this company works, why give that to a SaaS vendor that stores all the stuff in their own database?

Paddy Cleary (16:28.398)
And arguably it should be.

Paddy Cleary (16:38.352)
When I'm talking to other Yeah, when I'm talking to other founders, the best analogy I give when they're trying these different startups or tools or agents or kind of onboarding these different yeah agents that that they're replacing work, if you really think about what the what the grand vision is, is they're g gonna replace a lot of knowledge work or a lot of work that you might have employees doing today.

So if you just think about that and you say, yeah, we're gonna have all these agents and they're gonna do all this all these different types of work across different teams and job functions, do you really wanna outsource where those agents are coming from and who controls and creates those agents? Or in other words, you're outsourcing your employees, or depending on the business type, that changes how important that is or not. but I wouldn't want

Also, you're get you're receiving the same agent that maybe all your competitors are receiving if they're using the same s tool or agent tool versus actually building your own IP training your own agents that are on your own proprietary data that you want.

Bora (17:34.095)
Yeah.

Paddy Cleary (17:53.574)
give specific guardrails or specific specifications around. but that's a lot I think we're gonna end up talking a lot more about on these podcasts is the reason or these recordings.

reasons why that's so important and how I think that's where a lot of founders are stuck at the moment is like, well, I have no idea how to even go about that or they don't have the right data infrastructure to even start that. So they have no choice. They have to use a whatever agent, some SAS tool is offering them or some startup. And and there is good options as well. Like if you've never used AI before and you have like some version of a Hermes agent and wrapped inside of some startup that can just

Bora (18:13.806)
Yeah.

Bora (18:22.574)
No, for now, no.

Paddy Cleary (18:36.63)
Complete a task for you and you ask it to some run run off and do something that's useful in your business and it actually works and since Slack. Like those companies are still gonna succeed for now until they make some sort of expensive mistake for a group of customers from not having the right guardrails in place. I feel like that's gonna be pretty common, which would be interesting to see. But

But yeah, we're at a we're at the craziest time where w the conversations I have, there's so many founders that are trying to just test these different solutions and everyone now it's in the it's mainstream to be trying to put agents into your company, which is good, people need to do that.

But I think sometimes the risks aren't fully understood, which also varies across company. So it'll be interesting to see what and you know how startups work. There's gonna be many startups that say they have all these safety features and everything else. And we're also seeing the the increase in in cybersecurity or like hackers that are gonna be able to access or break these different startups. So

how do those things play out over time, both both of those statements being true.

Bora (20:00.034)
Yeah.

Paddy Cleary (20:06.918)
Well certainly be interesting.

Bora (20:09.038)
Yeah, this is not a common view what I'm sharing with you, right? Because it's right now all these startups, tech companies who are kind of coming around to the idea that SaaS is not going to work out, but then will be an agent company, right? That's what they are saying. But I'm saying that's not even going to work. So look, here's another interaction with one of my other MSers.

As watching this episode with Gokul Rajaram, he was on Invest Like the Best podcast with Patrick O'Shaughnessy, I guess. Is he an Irish guy? Sounds Irish. Patrick O'Shaughnessy, do you know the guy I'm talking about? Yeah. Okay.

Paddy Cleary (20:50.008)
Say that again. I l I listened to his podcast. I don't think he's Irish. Yeah, I mean that's a very Irish name, so I'm sure he has Irish heritage, but

Bora (20:59.728)
Yeah, so I sent my investor on Slack the part where Gokul Rajan was saying, where agent building startups are gonna have a hard time because companies are building their own agents now, right? And then my investor, who this is like a billion and a half, huge fund, right? His response, therefore, what do you build to make money?

Bora (21:27.924)
Right? Because I'm saying SAS is there, but also agents are there. So it's like, how are you supposed to make money if you can't sell anything? Like literally, you can't sell anything. People are kind of building their own stuff. My response is some things that are a lot more difficult than building agents. But unclear what that's supposed to be. even that, right? Everything is kind of.

Paddy Cleary (21:28.806)
To the point.

Paddy Cleary (21:39.3)
Infrastructure.

Paddy Cleary (21:49.126)
Well that's infrastructure for you, no?

Bora (21:54.801)
I mean, that's what the data centers are all about, right? So agents are running, they need the data centers, and the harnesses.

Paddy Cleary (22:05.338)
I even no, I I I mean more the the the technical infrastructure for a company to set up their databases or SP servers.

Bora (22:13.902)
Yeah, so for now, I think that's why that's what I'm doing because I'm like, I don't want to work on things that are going to die, you know, or like not die, but it's like from a business pro.

perspective, right? You know, the other thing, Paddy is, you know, tied to jobs and employment, right? What are people supposed to work on at the company if agents are doing everything? And I've been saying for a while now, they need to be agent builders, and they need to be agent orchestrators, right? So I think part of the whole thing is starting from training these companies and their employees to understand how to not just how to use AI, because sometimes you see like,

this training stuff out there. It's like, look, this is the way to use Chatchi BT, create a project in Claude and this is to use core. I'm like, this is just basic stuff, Table stakes.

Paddy Cleary (23:05.782)
that that's that's my biggest time suck right now is training our team weekly about how to and and I've chosen Claude as the harness to just get people to understand so trying to flick between ten different tools that are constantly changing out of slightly different GUIs or interfaces.

But it's a tricky position because well, obviously it's different for every kind of company, but as a service business, people work with us or people work with Paul Street to work with our humans that we have that we build strategy for and manage their programs. So we they don't want or they're not signing up to work with us to get some agentic workflow. to also have to be cognizant of that. But at the same time, there's a lot of

admin tasks or kind of like creating reports or pulling performance data to give feedback to the client or just tracking like sentiment that the team needs to understand and also the team needs to at least understand how to use Claude. Everyone that's a non-negotiable now it's been non-negotiable for a while. But at the but separate to that I'm like

There's so many opportunities to build new agent first companies. Even a service business, like again, like Paul Street will manage these different partner programs and across different scopes. but I can't do that today because my clients don't want that. So even if I even if I had a great solution and the whole team were just

Killer agent builders. I I would say most of now I have some clients that are Cody John Road, I think would would appreciate that. but that's we probably have to renegotiate our our fee structure completely for that. so I'm in a tricky spot where I'm thinking, okay, you can't build that natively internally without changing the whole

Paddy Cleary (25:14.662)
the the the the whole dynamic of how we work with clients. But separately should there be a a a set like a a digital twin. A lot of people talk about building digital twins of these companies or any company now.

The guys on the Moon Chats podcast talk about this a lot. It's like they're mostly talking about like public companies talking about how to red team their tell you how to defend against the next five years. How do you defend your company over the next five years? Well, you should have a team of engineers or whatever you want to call four-deployed engineers maybe, to try to build a digital twin that replicates all the work that you do at your company, but is just a agent-native or agent-centric.

So I've been thinking a lot about what that would look like. And I think it would have to be in my the position I'm in is that would have to be a separate, almost a separate company. and it would have to be talked very clearly to or positioned very clearly and transparently to any future clients or any even active clients that wanted to add on some agentic services, because there's value there. We have proprietary data in the work that we've done for the last

call it four years or whatever managing these programs for brands. So but could we just have an MCP server that we can do a program audit of your affiliate program.

And we did you don't have to wait a week for our team to get around to the time to actually go through it. We create the agent that reviews in the same way that our team does, and we have our playbooks, we have our skills that go around, add an MCP server, add a Paul Street connector in Cloud. And any brand can instead of having to go through our usual sales process and pay us

Paddy Cleary (27:08.742)
Like a hefty retainer and performance fees, we can figure out some other fee model where we will audit your account and then that could also be a funnel to okay, do you want to actually talk to the team or do you want to build a more specific strategy or do you want the agent strategy? And we should be giving the clients that choice. Do you want do you want to work at agents or do you want to work with humans? And there are two different paths. One path is

Bora (27:28.919)
That's interesting. Interesting. I haven't even thought about it like that.

Paddy Cleary (27:33.006)
Yeah, well well you will it work in a very different setup. You you're building software, so you don't have to worry about like a lot of our but also a lot of our services are relationship like we're partner marketing agencies, so each of the different scopes are different forms of relationships. and that's I got I mean we got lucky that that's happens to be the service that we provide and is

It seems like it's defensible for even the short term, who knows what happens in the next two years. but how we drive value to our clients is we have relationships with publications and we have relationships with different influencers and we relationships with all these different types of partners that are valuable, and we can put a strategy for our clients around who would be these good partners to work with, and then we manage those relationships.

But that being said, there could be a digital twin created. I just can't do that in for my current clients because that's not what they sign up to us for. They don't want that. Or I don't think they want that. Maybe they maybe some of them do when they see this. We're like, hey, give us the Asian version. But I don't think so. They work with us for our humans. So at the same time, I would need our employees to understand how to best leverage Claude in the right

for the right pieces of work. but

Paddy Cleary (29:03.744)
the end goal actually isn't to agentify everything. because that would defeat the purpose of what we do. for now. Again, this is things are moving pretty quickly in the world today. So who knows what our clients will be saying to us in in by the end of the year. But but yeah, that's something I think about a lot.

But it does we're already seeing like a team our team saves a ton of time, which means they get to spend more time building the relationships with our partners or even getting to get on more calls with our clients. That's

Bora (29:37.615)
That's the thing. That's basically when you give all these like boring, repetitive tasks to the agents so that humans work on more interesting, creative, strategic work. That's more valuable.

Paddy Cleary (29:48.814)
Hundred hundred percent and that's something I have to talk a lot about internally. And I I think this I think you started this with with how this is gonna impact jobs as well. and it's like and I have to be very vocal about when I talk internally to our employees of hey, we wanna 'cause a and different different roles are affected differently. We're like, Hey, you're really just focusing on

Pulling information from here and creating a report for our client. Like we wanna build a whole process to just make that easier. And they might get scared, like, well that's like that's what I spend 90% of my time doing. It's like, well, well yeah, then that that's that's that doesn't mean we're gonna fire you, it means we'll find other more valuable work for you to do. and yeah.

Bora (30:32.882)
That's the difference between tasks and jobs, right? So basically people kind of maybe psychologically tie their value to a series of tasks that they do, but the tasks don't define you as a professional. The role might change, right? So now certain tasks might be replaced by agents and they are getting replaced, but that doesn't mean the job is replaced, right? So like the best companies, I think right now, don't think of using AI as a way to kind of

reduce headcount, they use it as a way to, how do we kind of like grow faster now without firing anybody really, you I mean, you see the layoffs, but at same time, you could think of it in a more expansion mind frame as opposed to a contraction mind frame. Expansion mind frame is that give all of these repetitive tasks to the AI agents and people can do more more interesting and more creative things that grows the business.

Paddy Cleary (31:16.206)
A hundred percent, yeah.

Bora (31:29.714)
as opposed to like, let's try to cut costs by, you know, doing layoffs.

Paddy Cleary (31:29.806)
Yeah, and that

Paddy Cleary (31:34.308)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No. yeah, we've no plans to to have any well, there'll be performance based layoffs for sure. But but we're growing. So the plan is to just grow with having less headcount or like employee whatever the employee to re revenue ratio should in theory just continue to increase. What's important in this in that dynamic is and this is something that took us or took me, I think

I'd say months to kind of work through and identify the right objective function to track the like the right metrics to be to be focusing on at internally or at my comp or our company where you want to you want to be able to measure success very clearly across many different metrics so that as you free up time you can clearly point to like

I'm sure every business has different versions of this. Is like there's tasks that people that are in the weeds think that this isn't really important that we do it exactly this way, because they've been doing it for 18 months or something. or if you introduce a whole new workflow for getting something done, they'll be like, no, it's that it's really important that we do it this way. But if you you have to be able to clearly point to, well, no, here they're so we

Track EOS like ROX and SquareCard metrics. The employee operating operational system. But our entrepreneurial oper entrepreneurial operating system. They you have to be able to clearly point to those metrics to say, okay, look, we're saving your time, and these metrics are actually going up. We're getting more revenue for our clients. We've onboarded more partners into the program. there's more ROAS on in this program.

Like having all those clear identifiers to be able to then also speak to your team and say, no, this this new process is increasing these correct metrics or objective functions, which also, if you're really building a digital twin or if you're building any sort of agentic teams, as you know, the objective function is the most important the piece for them to to iterate on and know what to validate as

Paddy Cleary (33:51.127)
as improvement.

Bora (33:53.853)
So since we're talking about jobs, our second topic was Claude Cote and jobs. So this is interesting. Casey Newton interviewed Boris Cherny, creator and head of Claude Cote. So Boris Cherny. Funny thing, Ukrainian guy, he was born in Odessa. My wife is Ukrainian and we met in Odessa.

Paddy Cleary (34:06.203)
Mm-hmm.

Paddy Cleary (34:16.283)
Hello.

Bora (34:17.074)
But I told her she was very pleased. I'm like, this guy is the guy. He created Claude code, which is like the best product in the world right now, literally. So he was asked the question about what he thinks is going to happen, because he said, which is exactly what I do, he hasn't written a single line of code in six months. And then Casey Newton is one of my...

Paddy Cleary (34:35.034)
Yeah, listen to it. Mm-hmm.

Bora (34:42.45)
favorite newsletter writers and podcasters, he asked him, like, what do you think is going to happen to engineers? So he says that he predicts the title of software engineer could start to disappear by the end of 2026, which is like, oh, like, that's kind of scary. But he his optimistic frame is that fewer traditional engineers, but many more people writing or shipping code through agents. So it's kind of like changing.

Then he says that it's going to increase. He said basically, it's going to be 100x.

the need for these kinds of builders than it is now. So this is kind of like this abundance idea that Elon Musk is putting forward, right? Which I'm usually having a hard time like trying to get my head around the idea of abundance where everybody has access to everything and everybody's rich and it's not universal basic income, but it's like universal high income. But I mean, like even the kind of listening to Boris.

Paddy Cleary (35:33.509)
Yeah.

Paddy Cleary (35:38.159)
Yeah.

Yeah. I I see you either get there in the in the in the l in the long term or I kinda I guess follow that track of just like reduced cost of services and and and you'll get goods you'll receive goods and services much cheaper so quality of life will be better so people will in theory live a more abundant life. But I do think that's a long way away or I don't know how we really get there and I think there is a

a a a mid time frame or like call it the like two to five year what what happens in what are we in twenty what happens in twenty eight to to two thousand and thirty two I don't know. because there is 'cause cause and what Boris is saying is I also agree with that where yeah, all these every role is gonna change in some way. Like how you do work or how you interact with a laptop, which is how a lot of

Bora (36:25.936)
Yeah, hard to predict.

Paddy Cleary (36:39.556)
Sorry, let's qualify it by kind of knowledge work for now, although physical AI is also something that I spend less time thinking about, but also will impact a lot of industries. knowledge work will change, everyone's role will change. Some people will benefit more than others, it's not going to change every role in the same way. company structures are gonna change, like I just gave our example briefly.

And I think the quality of work will go up, or the quality of the service. Like again, if I just look at our company, the quality should go up or if we're clearly tracking and c always improving the the work that gets done and we can do more with these agents and with Clot and save time and have our humans spend more time building their relationships and have more time to do creative thinking about the right strategy to work with our client or even spend more time with the client to understand them. So the quality should should go up. but I'll need to hire less. We should be able to work with more.

brands with less people. Also there's gonna be people that don't adopt or are kind of slow adopters at our at our company or at any other company and and can't adapt or their role might completely change and they have to learn a new skill and they

We're starting to see as well, which is seems to be mostly a US thing, but for negative sentiment around AI that they resist learning how to change their job. And that's the worst spot to be in. That is that's gonna be th they're gonna be the mo they're gonna be the worst affected people. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Just learn the skills. If you if you ignore if you resist them,

Bora (38:04.231)
That's a self-fulfilling prophecy, you know.

Bora (38:14.259)
Well, here's the way think about it. Look, that to me is the most dangerous because what happens is, AI is gonna take my job, hence I won't learn it and I will slow down all efforts to embrace it. And then because of that, AI would end up taking your job, you know? It's like, don't, so up-skilling, look, think of it this way, Ferrari. So if AI is leveling the playing field and giving everyone a Ferrari.

Paddy Cleary (38:19.088)
percent.

Paddy Cleary (38:23.408)
Self fulfilling prophecy, yeah.

Paddy Cleary (38:37.062)
Are gonna bring up what is the the their latest release?

Bora (38:39.827)
Hold on, don't derail it yet. Well, we can get there too. That whole design thing is a... But the thing about a Ferrari is like, all right, everybody gets a Ferrari. Like, Claude Opus 4.7 is a Ferrari and everybody has it now. So right now they're subsidizing, broadly available. But the thing is, the way I drive a Ferrari versus... I mean, you work with Formula One, right? Give me one driver name.

Paddy Cleary (38:54.062)
First time the first time that technology has been that broadly available at I launch. Yeah.

Paddy Cleary (39:08.398)
One dri four Ferrari, the Lewis Hamilton and and Charles Le Kirk. Charles. Sure, Lewis, yeah.

Bora (39:09.777)
Yeah. Okay. So there you go. So like, and Lewis Hamilton driving a Ferrari, even if we both have access to the same Ferrari, like I get into that car, like the only thing I know how to do is just to press on the gas pedal. And you know what I mean? Like who's driving that Ferrari makes such a big difference. So like, and who's driving it is all skill.

Paddy Cleary (39:25.392)
That's the best that's a great knowledge. Yeah.

Bora (39:32.795)
Right? That's why if you look at the Clickups, layoffs, the guy said that, or like we're laying off a bunch of people, but then we're increasing the salaries of a bunch of people to a million dollars. Like that's the good for our drivers versus people who barely know how to use it.

Paddy Cleary (39:33.21)
Yeah.

Paddy Cleary (39:41.094)
Yeah, yeah.

Paddy Cleary (39:45.868)
That's the perfect way to say, yeah, if everyone if everyone tomorrow gets given a f like if someone gives me a Formula One car tomorrow, like zero chance we're able to drive that. And if I say this is dumb, this is the worst the the f F one cars are are

Placing our jobs or taking our our jobs as drivers. Like I'm not getting that. I'll never be able to learn how to drive it. Or I could like spend a bit of time and say, Hey Lewis, like can you give us a few lessons and teach me how to like it'd be pretty cool to know how to drive this Ferrari or drive this Formula One car. yeah.

Bora (40:07.613)
Yeah.

Bora (40:17.925)
Yeah.

Yeah, no, mean, if it applies, craft matters, right? Learning how to do something really well. I mean, look, you know, we work with all the same tools and they create an output that looks pretty good. You know, it looks pretty good. And you're like, you know what? Like it's done. It's done. Like I don't need anybody, but it's like 80 % done. And there's like a 20 % that you still have to do. And there in order for it to be usable, like even, like it creates like an ad asset or something. Like it looks like pretty good, but then you're like, oh, but I can't use it. It's missing.

a few things, but getting that a few things, a skill, you know, how to do it right, how to do it perfectly.

Paddy Cleary (40:54.16)
That that yeah, that's actually another like important point and something I'm seeing as I try to get our team s upskilled or understand how to use even just cowork. And I think you kind of alluded to it

or how the job changes, and I guess this comes from the top and how we kind of instruct people to work with AI, is it should only be helping you to helping you to to do the work. So let's say an example of I don't know a common one of like creating a document. And if it's creating a document for you, whether it's internal use or external use,

It should be helping you create that document, but you should know everything. You should be treating it as as you're you're the one creating that. You're the owner of that document.

Whatever's in that is yours, and if it's if part of it is AI slop, you better understand that and change it so that it's not or tweak it and actually craft it. And that's the skill part. You have to create, like I can create better documents than I could ever have created, but I still own that it's a document I'm creating, and I will tweak it till I'm happy with that document. Versus some people that are like using these tools for the first time, like, yeah, I got to create this thing for me, but it looks stupid.

And it's like, yeah, it does look stupid, so like work on it. make it better. edit it. Like put it into Google Docs and and edit it with your keyboard. I don't know. Like use Whisper to to change your paragraphs, like remove the ASOP.

Paddy Cleary (42:31.65)
And but the so that that role of working with or the important part of knowing how to drive the Ferrari is like it can help it can gather much more information, it can have much more context, it can connect into all your different tools and data sources to understand what you're doing, but you still need to craft the output and you still need to review and understand how to review that output. and then you also have to like iterate that over time so it gets better at creating the output for you.

Bora (42:57.415)
Yeah, so I think in the past, we expected.

a certain level of quality from work. We accepted it as well. But now I think everybody's standards went up. So like right now, pretty good is the bottom line. So like in the past, you would have paid someone to produce pretty good results, pretty good design, pretty good code, pretty good PowerPoint documentation, like whatever you're paying people for, right? But now that's no longer acceptable, right? Because you can one shot a pretty good result from these AI tools. And then you think,

as a business owner, you're like, why should I pay anyone if I can just do this myself? So what happens now is pretty good is what you get, but you can get to great by having a skilled.

AI-pilled person who knows how to drive that Ferrari and get the pretty good to great. So then great becomes now a sellable thing that you can charge money for and pretty good is free or at least cheap because AI is making it pretty good. So that's how I think things are shifting. Like basically quality of anything, quality of movies, design, code, documents, any kind of output that's produced by humans, it just needs to be great now because it's not starting from zero. It's not starting from a blank slate. It's starting from, okay, so this is the draft that

Paddy Cleary (44:03.951)
Yeah. Yeah, yeah.

Bora (44:22.581)
I got from AI, that's OK. I can't send this to the customer, but I can make that awesome by putting my skill into it. So that's how I kind of feel about how things have changed.

Paddy Cleary (44:34.35)
Yeah, and same thing. Like we're hiring a bunch of roles at the moment and in every one of my conversations I'm like, hey, so what you how are you working with with Claude or AI? What's your what's your stack or like that has that has to be a talking point. it's very Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Bora (44:49.747)
People are giving them projects now. Like I'm seeing like the interview process of some of the cool startups. They're like, hey, we just give them, show me how you use Cloud Code to build this thing.

Paddy Cleary (45:00.238)
Yeah, which is another form of the I think what's important is yeah, if you you send a project like it's okay, well well, how can you best how can you drive the Ferrari? Show me how you drive the Ferrari. Here's the project, show me how you drive it. doesn't matter how you got there, I don't care if you hand wrote a Google Doc about some

some question I asked you or some project that I gave you, if you hand built it, I I just wanna see how good how how fast you can get around the track. if you can get around the track the same as Lewis Hamilton then fantastic. If if it takes you twice as long but you're like, I spent I spent all night working on this, it's like, well, I'd rather you can just get around the track really quickly.

Bora (45:31.911)
Yeah, yeah.

Bora (45:45.889)
All right, next topic, super fun. I saw this yesterday. I was like, I got to try this. So Robin Hood is now allowing you.

to do trading through your AI agents. So the Verge reporter Robinhood is opening its trading platform to AI agents. The announcement says users can connect agents through AI native MCP servers. It's launching in beta with equities first, options, crypto, event contracts, futures. And then there's an agent to credit card that lets agents spend through a dedicated virtual card. And I am super intrigued.

Paddy, what do you think about this thing?

Paddy Cleary (46:29.49)
yeah. I mean it's so what I do at the moment, what I do today is I have a project in cowork, I think. Claude am I personal Claude Cowork? which has any like my positions I have, knows about me, knows what my kind of goals are. And I just talk to that about so the main thing that I track for any public equities I hold are mostly

AI infrastructure and specifically just based on what Leopold Hashbrenner is buying in in situational awareness. So he that's a hedge fund, you should look it up. It's

He was an early OpenAI researcher and got fired for having an argument about safety with Sam. But he then wrote these papers, Situational Awareness, that went viral. And they were like PhD grade kind of detailed papers about the infrastructure that was required for the world ahead of us. I think that was maybe in like two years ago, maybe 2024. But anyway,

Yeah, when he I think he was twenty two or three maybe at the time, after the papers announced he's starting a hedge fund based on that thesis of the papers that he wrote. I think he raised like a billion or two billion as a twenty-three year old. And today the the Q one the Q one thirteen F filings were the latest that came out, like a week or two ago, he's up to thirteen point seven billion is the AUM of the fund

And if you look at the positions, like the performance of them has been insane. so I'll just I'll I'll I'll link to the thirteen F filings every time and they build them up in my cloud project so it knows and then I take screenshots of my positions, et cetera. and then also I listen to other thing, other podcasts or or whatever. On on all in they'll be talking about some something and I'll I'll

Paddy Cleary (48:28.974)
It and I'll say, okay, yeah, I agree with this, I don't agree with that. What happens in this future scenario? Like, how will this impact my portfolio? Help me help me think through the potential impacts that this will have on my portfolio. And I just use it as almost like a resource partner, I guess. and it gives it just gives really good insights. And it's like, okay, so that's how gold would be impacted if

Bora (48:52.074)
Would you allow it to do trades on your behalf?

Paddy Cleary (48:57.252)
I mean I'll probably test. I I only saw this when you when you sent it through. I'll probably test it. I don't I don't use I use Robinode because it's the best like UI for like tracking things, but my that's not where I make any investments. but I'll probably put in like I don't know, a couple thousand dollars and see what happens just out of fun. I would test it, yeah, I would test it. But I'm probably not gonna

Bora (49:16.532)
So I feel like I want to try it too. Yeah.

Paddy Cleary (49:23.866)
That's not gonna be I I w I I don't know, I wouldn't want that to be my like cash.

Bora (49:28.944)
Main thing. Yeah, yeah. No, so they allow you to create it. think that's what they do. They allow you to create a separate account just for the agent and

Paddy Cleary (49:39.204)
Yeah, well I I would just use my main like I don't have money in like my Robin account really. So I just y well yeah, it doesn't that doesn't make much odds.

Bora (49:45.318)
Okay. Yeah. So, all right. So you feel you want to try this? Are there things like, are there models out there like that? Because I don't have a model.

Paddy Cleary (49:56.346)
But that's the thing. I wonder again, I don't I haven't looked at exactly how it works. Like why how much info do you give it? Like I would probably just tell it to track Leopold and or track Situational Awareness Hedge Fund. or maybe I'd ask it to hedge against that. I don't know. that's the other thing that's interesting, like stuff that I would never come close to in terms of equities that I that I own is like these short positions.

Bora (50:21.502)
Yeah.

Paddy Cleary (50:22.042)
Where Leopold has these shorts that make a lot of sense because he'll short, for example, the like a chip ETF, which so I think a lot about this 'cause whatever I'm saying it anyway. so i i if there because like prices are at all time highs, right? There probably is gonna be a a

drop you imagine that some of the like some of these companies have got like sand disk is up I think twelve hundred percent or something in the last year. which is great because Leopold had it in his fund so I bought it like six months ago. But I have no idea I've I used to work in in finance but I'm not spending enough time to go in detail about how does this price really make sense? like and and what happens if

Doesn't get wrapped up, like that's a big moving piece. so what Leopold has in the fund is he has like shorts against the ship companies, because I think his thesis is that a lot of them are overvalued or like have been.

very bullish on on NVIDIA, which y as you should be and and I'm I'm bullish on NVIDIA but but the but if you look at his whole fund, the thirteen and what that's what hedge funds do, right? They have long and short positions to hedge against risk. so I think he's long on most of these AI companies and then he has short positions on the chip companies 'cause he thinks in a in a bubble or correction or Iran war breaks out or whatever again.

Bora (51:26.9)
All these guys who talk about AI bubble

Bora (51:37.256)
Yeah, yeah.

Paddy Cleary (51:51.162)
He thinks that those chip companies will be affected more than the than his long positions. So that's his hedge. That's his hedge. But what I'm saying is what I'm saying is how I work with Claude then is like I'm never gonna spend the time to put on my own short position or understand the different like price targets that I want to put in. But now I can talk to it and say, hey, I see Leopold has this position. How can I do something similar in my portfolio? yeah, let's do it on Oracle. Oracle like it's probably overvalued a bit.

Bora (51:54.613)
Oh, because of like the ICIC. Okay. Yeah. I mean, listen.

Bora (52:09.555)
Yeah.

Paddy Cleary (52:17.742)
So I like talk me through how exactly to place the short position on Oracle and and

Bora (52:17.8)
Hmm.

Paddy Cleary (52:26.02)
That I'm aiming for and how I should think about it. And talk through through it step by step. And then I can place that bet. I think about all these things as bets, right? So it's just a gambling.

Bora (52:33.556)
Okay, let's do this then. Let's both create agent accounts in Robinhood, put a little bit money in it and have it start. Oh, I like that. Let's have them compete and then let's see where they are like next time we do the podcast recording.

Paddy Cleary (52:41.41)
Had them compete.

Paddy Cleary (52:49.19)
But are you just gonna get your agent to buy NVIDIA only?

Bora (52:52.43)
No, no. I think obviously, you know, for me, it's just like my personal investment is very long term, right? I'm like, I'm not going to ever touch it. Like Warren Buffett style, like do nothing. You know, but this one is play money. So let's put like a little bit, not too much, right? And then I have to come up with some kind of a model. Like it seems like you kind of have a little bit of your own model there.

Paddy Cleary (53:03.728)
Well that's that's as as you should, yeah.

Bora (53:18.876)
I don't have anything like that. But it needs to do some trading, right? So maybe some shorting, you know. So yeah, I don't know yet, but I'm curious about this because I feel like by not doing it, we might be leaving some money on the table. I don't know.

Paddy Cleary (53:19.566)
Yeah.

Paddy Cleary (53:29.846)
Yeah.

Paddy Cleary (53:35.278)
Well, that's the one thing that I'm it's the only reason that as as of the belief as a founder or as some like having any of these investments is a distraction. I still believe believe that I kinda takes up mind share and that mind share is better spent building a company. like the ROI's better on spending that time, so I believe that to be true. But at the same time, I think we're at a very specific time in history where a lot of

these companies and equities are going to like take off. If you if you believe Elon's normally directionally correct. If he's talking about triple digit GDP growth in the next ten years, that's something that's never been seen before and there will be specific winners and specific equities that don't win in that. So I'm like, okay, I need to just at least have positions across the market. So I probably have whatever twenty different positions.

Bora (54:28.317)
 game, we're going to play this. So next one, a topic that we had. So this is an interesting revelation that I had last week. So Paddy, do you use Claude code for anything? What are you using it for?

Paddy Cleary (54:41.048)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. the last so I use it less at the moment 'cause like I said, my main like focus is just getting the team up to speed, which was mostly then around just using cowork. But like when Opus four point six first came out and or was first like added in, which I think was like December, so when I got back like in January, February I was

spending a lot of late nights just in the cloud code. Especially for someone like me that I've never I have a background's engineering or whatever, I studied engineering but never worked as never never wrote any code in my career. I worked in finance and then fintech startups. so never wrote any code. But then O Opus four point six and I tried cloud code before that and it was like I get these like pieces of code but I couldn't actually use anything with them.

then yeah January is like like the code that it's spitting out is actually like and not not just code but then also setting up the different databases or pieces of infrastructure and talking you through step by step what's required to I'll just send it a screenshot of like a website or a tool and say, hey, they help me make this tool.

then spend like three nights, two or three nights. and this was also before they had the auto accept. So you'd really just be sitting there like a monkey pressing accept, accept, yeah, accept. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well now now I haven't done that in a long time. But but yeah, I rebuilt like there was a like an affiliate tracking dashboard, because all of our clients use different like affiliate platforms, so we kind of work

Bora (56:01.141)
dangerously skip permissions.

Paddy Cleary (56:16.624)
Between them all, then there's then there's a like Athluent is is a is a dashboard that can connect, but it's really just a connects APIs to all the different Faye dashboards. But we pay the account, a lot of our clients pay for these different accounts, and it's like non-trivial amounts we have, whatever 40-something clients. is I was like, that that should be pretty easy to just rebuild. I'll just do it as a test. But like that's a lot of

should be a lot of work, or is a lot of work. And like to build the actual interface, the UI, the the connections, make sure the data's flowing correctly. But I just kept screenshot, s screenshot of what the data should be, fix this, do that. And yeah, a couple of days, had a because it w it said it to one of my my clients. if they're interested and they're like, Yeah, this would be pretty cool. Just did it with them.

And created a full dashboard that just connected to the same API keys, the same setup.

fully functional. the the first few iterations were were not like the data wouldn't flow correctly or there's different like timestamps that needed to be changed, the database structure needed to be updated, but by taking screenshots, which I think that was a huge unlock when I realized that. I can't remember what podcast I someone talked about that on, it's probably bar pars, but screenshots, something not working, take a screenshot of either the the

interface or just the code and say like I don't know what's happening here, this is broken. Screenshot gives us all the context and goes off and fixes it. But that being said, I also I was like, okay, this is great. But probably doesn't make sense to like switch over to this dashboard. Not yet. That's a that's a whole nother thing. Like I'd have to have someone maintain that as you know as a as a software builder. That's like maintenance is the biggest like overhead.

Bora (57:52.959)
Nice.

Bora (58:10.067)
When you put it out there, it becomes real.

Paddy Cleary (58:13.006)
yeah, yeah, exactly, yeah. So I was like, my client was like so we will we move to this now? And was like, no, this was just like this was just an experiment, really. and the experiment worked, but like I have to go back to work. We're not not in the business of us building these. Yeah. I'll use it for so I have like let's say all of my finance

Bora (58:22.057)
Yeah.

Bora (58:27.059)
Yeah, but do you now like use it on a daily basis or a few times a week for something?

Paddy Cleary (58:36.846)
Obviously I well not obviously but I look after all our finances. So I have it connected into like the com into the Mercury and then we separately have our own like our accountants do our like run our books, close our books. so we have call it two entities with different like PLs and revenue and expense files. So we probably have like six different Excel files that we built over last three years that that capture the information specifically how we

To look at it. so I put all that into claw code and create a dashboard that one well, one it connects into so it's a combination of Mercury and Bill.com. I think this is the two of them. Because QuickBooks didn't make sense because we want the the closed files, like the revenue file, the expense file, the operating cost file, all those files to be the source of.

of of information of the source of truth. So and then we have Mercury for cash and build.com for for invoices. but I use that. And then I query. So that's obviously all in a folder instead of on my on my laptop that has all those files back to since we started the company. So it has these really useful dashboard interfaces, like like six different dashboards with or six different pages with multiple dashboards on each page, and I can do like scenario planning on what

This happens, or if we sign these three clients by next month, we're gonna make these two hires. What does that look like for cash flow? How does that change eBaD? How should I think about this? So that's all true cloud code, and then also I can query it. So I can say, hey, what happened? Like I same thing, I can go, it can access all that structured information now from from our books, from our finance files for the last four years and look at it, but more relevant

Whatever when when we that's the first thing I do when we close books at the beginning of a month. I upload them to this and I go through the dashboard instead of having to go through each of the files separately. I have this interface now. That's probably the most useful thing I've built. and cloud code. And then cowork, like you have all these different like task dashboards for productivity things. they're pretty useful. but

Paddy Cleary (01:00:54.298)
Yeah, what you're the one building interesting things. You tell

Bora (01:00:56.947)
Yeah. So this is more for people who just pretty much live in Cloud Code. So I live in Cloud Code. I use Codecs too a lot now because I keep...

Paddy Cleary (01:01:05.06)
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I want to, by the way, I want to free up my time to do more of that, but I have to talk to many people.

Bora (01:01:11.419)
Yeah. So, I have codecs check, Claude's work and stuff like that. So like, I started using this thing, every time I have an idea, I turn it into, so everything gets a GitHub repo, right? So repository, that's what. And then every project. But before a project starts, I start a discussion. The GitHub has a section called discussions, right? I post a discussion, I basically, you you both use the microphone app, Whisperflow or whatever, you

Paddy Cleary (01:01:24.046)
Yeah.

Bora (01:01:41.719)
We just talk to you, you ramble, you ramble into it. gives a lot of context. You don't want to just like, you know, have like a two, two, three, you don't want to do like two, three lines of prompt. You just like ramble into it. Just like dump your brain into that conversation. And then this is what I want to do. Let's get a discussion going and then gets a discussion going. And then I have like each tab that I have in the cloud code in the shell. It's like a different project, right? You know, I have MCP engineer, gigantic computer engineer,

Paddy Cleary (01:01:46.054)
the best productivity hack.

Bora (01:02:11.796)
Gentic Web Engineer, Model Engine, like there's just a lot of different components, a lot of different repos, and each engineer, I give them, you are the engineer for this repo, like you're responsible for this, right? And then their memory just builds up about that repo. So every time we work on something about that project, they're just like, they have more information than the other engineers, like inside of that repo, inside of that folder, or tab. And then, but as you know,

I live in Rhode Island, it's beach season. So I don't wanna be tied to my laptop and I don't wanna bring my laptop and I wanna be out and about, just go to beach, do things, do that. But the thing is we can get the agent still working, Paddy, like we don't, the work doesn't have to stop. That's the thing. So the idea here is that how can the agents keep working when I'm not here? Or I don't wanna bring my laptop with me, right?

Paddy Cleary (01:02:54.374)
Surf. To be clear, you should let people know you surf.

Bora (01:03:10.452)
So for this, Claude has remote control. If you type in slash RC.

Paddy Cleary (01:03:17.158)
So do you do you do everything through just like dispatcher remote control versus versus open cloud or

Bora (01:03:21.566)
So remote control, if I'm here, even if I'm in here, I still use remote control and I'll tell you why now. So I have like six different tabs open in Cloud Code. Each tab in terminal, I use Ghosty, is a separate project, separate repo, right? And then,

And then all of them have slash RC with remote control. And I tie that to Claude's desktop app or Claude's iPhone app. Because in the iPhone app, the remote control shows up inside of the Claude's app. So it will work as long as your laptop is open and the shell is on.

Paddy Cleary (01:03:58.138)
Yeah.

Or awake.

Bora (01:04:04.63)
But then you have to keep the laptop open and I'm like, I never wanna do that because we have a dog, we have a five year old and they're all coming in and doing stuff in my office. So yeah, no, I just don't wanna leave it around. And then I said, all right, let me just connect my laptop to my other desktop. I have a desktop laptop that never turns up.

Paddy Cleary (01:04:16.198)
You don't trust Kai on the laptop yet?

Bora (01:04:29.898)
But then what happens is every once in a while, it's just the new Mac update installs or the Wi-Fi goes out or something like that. it just like shell closes and I'm like, it loses the memory. And I have these cron jobs that runs and I'm like, all right, I can't, let me figure out a way to run this on the cloud, right? So I went to Amazon, AWS, created an EC2 server, which is like medium size, it's like 30 bucks a month or something like that.

And then you log in to the shell, it's a Linux. And then you install cloud code on the AWS shell, EC2, right? It's on the cloud. And then I created several folders, five, six folders for all of the projects that I have, I tied them to the GitHub repos. And then each one of them are open. But the thing is, again,

you connect to this from your laptop and if you disconnect the shell, they shut down and I don't want them to be shut down. I want them to be always on, which I can remote control from wherever, right? So then there's a thing called TMUX, T-M-U-X. So this TMUX allows the connection to be on.

So you kind of create a session, Tmoc session in AWS and I keep it on and then detach the session, close your laptop. So I have like right now, as we speak, I have five, six remote cloud code sessions running on AWS EC2 server, which I can shut down this laptop after I call and go to the beach. It's awesome out, beautiful. And I can just like, and I talk to it like this.

Paddy Cleary (01:06:08.293)
Yeah.

Bora (01:06:08.48)
Like I just turn on Whisperflow and I'm like, okay. And here's another thing that I did. I'm getting these clods check each other's work. I have a CTO clod and here's, do work on this after you're done, create a pull request, email it to the CTO. So I gave them agent mail inboxes, all five of them. So it's like they have their own email addresses. It's agent mail, agentmail.to.

Paddy Cleary (01:06:31.226)
Why what what do you use for the agent mail?

Bora (01:06:36.958)
It's a new YC company. Yeah. So I created like five, six inboxes and I gave them their logins, API keys and said, look, it's in the repo. What's that?

Paddy Cleary (01:06:37.754)
Yeah, I've seen them, yeah, yeah. I wasn't sure what they were called.

Paddy Cleary (01:06:45.606)
Do they have credit cards yet? Do they have their own credit cards?

Bora (01:06:50.568)
not yet, no. But we're gonna do this with the Robinhood, right? So I gave them their email addresses and they all know their own email addresses and they know the email addresses of the other engineers. So like when the MCP engineers needs the gigantic computer engineer, it's like, like I email them and I have a cron job that runs every five minutes to check emails.

Right? CTO is checking, oh, like I have a pull request. Oh, I approve it, email the approval and then merge it. So I'm like, the only question that I get is like, okay, this is done now. Should we merge it and deploy it to production? So, you know, I say yes to all of them, right? It's just because I have so many good checks in place. So I kind of have to replicate myself to also say.

Paddy Cleary (01:07:31.001)
Yeah.

Paddy Cleary (01:07:36.644)
You've built your harness.

Bora (01:07:37.743)
Like, yeah, so the harness is working so good. But then I'm like, in some point, at some points, if they're still asking me, like, should I do this? Should I not do this? And I'm like, well, this is where I need my own digital twin. Like this is what Bora would have said. Like, let the digital twin say the thing I would have said, instead of me saying it. No, no, I haven't built a digital twin. Yeah.

Paddy Cleary (01:07:57.494)
Do you not have that yet? I would have thought you you have enough data. As in your posts and YouTubes and

Bora (01:08:05.11)
Yeah, mean, but yeah. So I'm like, how do I make decisions, right? So like, I can, you basically just, if you can articulate that, if you can write it down and turn it into some kind of a skill file for the agent to follow, you know. So this is an interesting thing. We had other, so if people are interested in doing this, they can try it, like the way I described it, it's a big unlock, I think.

Paddy Cleary (01:08:07.952)
Fireflies.

Bora (01:08:29.782)
So we have other things to talk about about Paddy. just ran, we're at 68 minutes now. So I think we should end our conversation here and then maybe continue next week from where we left off with some of the news and some of the other important topics.

Paddy Cleary (01:08:33.274)
Yeah. Yeah yeah. Well have to pick it up.

Paddy Cleary (01:08:45.558)
yeah, I feel like this might be more even more common than than than a weekly one, but we'll see.

Bora (01:08:52.342)
Yeah, we'll see. There's a lot to talk about. It's just, there's a lot going on. honestly, I don't want to keep up, but like we have to. Yes.

Paddy Cleary (01:08:54.062)
It's a lot a lot a lot to talk about. It's always enjoyable to chat.

Paddy Cleary (01:09:07.366)
Well the capability overhang is the craziest thing. It's like the amount things that we can just build if we pause today. So one w so and there's a good argument to say that you shouldn't try to keep up because there's so much stuff that you should try to build, but then you also have to know where the puck is going.

Bora (01:09:20.072)
Yeah, but then here's the thing, right? We need an edge in business, right? We all need an edge, right? If everybody has access to the same kinds of things, how do you win in business? How do you compete with your competitors? You need to have an extra.

edge, some kind of delta. And then maybe I feel like at this time that delta is in the form of a three month being ahead of somebody three months, kind of like the frontier models and the open source Chinese models, right? Open source Chinese models are pretty good, but frontier models are better.

And you know, maybe you could say that there may be three months ahead or six months ahead or whatever. But the thing is, if we want to compete in business, if our competitor is using the best frontier models and we're stuck with like the cheaper models, then our competitors is going to win. like I, so it's in our best interest to be at the forefront doing the new and better things.

to have that edge. Like I heard this from Toby Lutke, the Shopify CEO in a podcast. Somebody asked him, like, you're spending so much in tokens at Shopify. And he's like, I'm happy. I'm actually happy that we're spending because that gives us, if we have the ability to spend that much in tokens and then do that much extra and better, that gives our company an edge over others who can't spend that money. You see what I mean? I haven't thought of it like that. And that kind of also reframed it a bit for me.

Paddy Cleary (01:10:42.82)
Yeah, yeah. Are you back using Opus four point six or have you seen four point seven being a bit lower quality for

Bora (01:10:49.343)
no, I'm happy with it. I'm happy with 4.7. I do Opus 4.7 and then I use JATGBT 5.5 extra high in Codex. So basically when I create these GitHub folders, Codex also has access to them. Especially when I'm doing like upfront architecture, like right now I'm doing an upfront architecture about proactive AI. Because we didn't get a chance to talk about brand brain, which we can talk about it next time.

Paddy Cleary (01:11:00.784)
Yeah.

Bora (01:11:17.685)
But the reason to have the brand brain is, or company brain, is so when that brain exists, the agents can do proactive things by consulting that brain, right? That's why we have a brain. So now the brain is there, what can we do with that brain so that we don't have to ask questions to it, but agents can proactively do things. So that's what I'm working on now, but I'm at the architecture phase.

Paddy Cleary (01:11:17.83)
We might need a chat tomorrow.

Paddy Cleary (01:11:26.628)
We have to talk about that, yeah.

Bora (01:11:44.607)
And then I'm having, I have a discussion in GitHub now. have coded. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, we can get into it in either next week or the week after that. All right, Paddy, nice chatting with you. Talk to you next time,

Paddy Cleary (01:11:47.278)
Let's let's pause it there. We gotta we gotta we gotta unpack that a bit more.

Paddy Cleary (01:11:54.744)
That's great. Yeah. Talk to you. Bye bye. Cheers.
